DELPHIDABBLER CODESNIP END-USER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
==========================================================


1. Definitions
--------------

In this document the following definitions apply:

   a. "Product" means DelphiDabbler Codesnip and related documentation.
   b. "Author" means the author and copyright holder of of the software, that is
      Peter D Johnson, http://www.delphidabbler.com.


2. Introduction
---------------

A source code version of some of DelphiDabbler CodeSnip's functionality that you
may use, modify and distribute is available to you free of charge from
http://www.delphidabbler.com under the Mozilla Public License v1.1 and v2.0 and
other open source software licenses. The Mozilla Public License v1.1 and v2.0
can be found at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/.

The accompanying executable code version of the Product is made available to you
under the terms of this end user license agreement. By installing or using
DelphiDabbler Codesnip you are consenting to be bound by the agreement. If you
do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement do not install or use
any part of DelphiDabbler Codesnip.

DelphiDabbler CodeSnip is copyright (c) 2005-2012 by Peter D Johnson,
http://www.delphidabbler.com.


3. License Grant
----------------

The Author grants you a non-exclusive license to use the executable code version
of DelphiDabbler Codesnip. You may install as many copies of the program as you
wish and may distribute the program providing this license agreement and any
other copyright or legal notices are distributed with the Product.

This agreement will also govern any software upgrades provided by the Author
that replace and/or supplement the original Product, unless such upgrades are
accompanied by a separate license, in which case the terms of that license will
govern.


4. Termination
--------------

If you breach this Agreement your right to use the Product will terminate
immediately and without notice, but all provisions of this agreement except the
License Grant (Section 3) will survive termination and continue in effect. Upon
termination, you must destroy all copies of the Product.


5. Proprietary Rights
---------------------

Portions of the Product are available in source code form under the terms of the
Mozilla Public License v1.1 and v2.0 and other open source licenses from
http://www.delphidabbler.com. Nothing in this agreement will be construed to
limit any rights granted under the Open Source Licenses. Subject to the
foregoing, the Author, for himself and on behalf of his licensors, hereby
reserves all intellectual property rights in the Product, except for the rights
expressly granted in this agreement. You may not remove or alter any copyright
or other proprietary notice in or on the Product.


6. Disclaimer Of Warranty
-------------------------

THE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH ALL FAULTS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
THE AUTHOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES THAT THE PRODUCT IS FREE OF DEFECTS,
MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGING. YOU BEAR ENTIRE
RISK AS TO SELECTING THE PRODUCT FOR YOUR PURPOSES AND AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCT. THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SHOULD THE PRODUCT PROVE DEFECTIVE,
YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.


7. Limitation Of Liability
--------------------------

EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY LAW, THE AUTHOR AND HIS LICENSORS, CONTRIBUTORS AND
DISTRIBUTORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY GENERAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF
DATA, AND COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON
WHICH SUCH CLAIM IS BASED.


8. Miscellaneous
----------------

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Author and you
concerning the subject matter hereof, and it may only be modified by a written
amendment signed by the Author.

Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement
will be governed by the laws of England and Wales.
