Source Code Repo Structure
==========================

These notes apply to the _parsnip_ branch of the CodeSnip SVN repo and explain
the design of the directory structure.

**At present the _parsnip_ repo is quite messy - that's because I'm slowly
changing it over to a new structure, and for reasons of not wanting to clobber
the merging of changes from the repo _trunk_, I can't do it all in one go.**

This document presents the new structure I'm aiming at, lists the original
structure, still used in _trunk_, and shows both how I'm proposing to change
over without breaking too much at once and how far I've got (see: _Process for
Converting to New Directory Structure_ below).

The new structure should be in place in the _parsnip_ branch by before the end
of the early development of CodeSnip 5.

New Directory Structure
-----------------------

The code committed to the SVN repo will ultimately have this structure:

    Docs
      ChangeLogs
      Design
        FileFormats
    Src
      Common
      Help
        CSS
        HTML
        Images
      Install
        Assets
      Lib
        DDabLib
        DelphiColl
        SynEdit
      Main
        AutoGen
        Assets
          CSS
          HTML
          Img
            Branding
            Egg
          Misc
          Scripts
            Imports
        Imports
      Portable
      Tests
        DUnit

In addition to _Docs_ and _Src_ top level directories there will also be a
_Build_ directory that stores files output by the build process. This directory
will not be included in SVN. The structure of _Build_ is:

    Build
      Distrib
        Standard
        Portable
      Exe
        Release
        Tests
      Obj
        Lib
          DDabLib
          DelphiColl
          SynEdit
        Main
        Portable
        Tests
          DUnit

Description
-----------

The directories have the following purposes:

+ **Docs**

    Contains the program's documentation, excluding help, which is included in
    _Src\Help_.

    Some of the files in this folder are included in releases, but most are not.

    + **Docs\ChangeLogs**

        Contains a change log for each major release of CodeSnip.

    + **Docs\Design & Docs\Design\FileFormats**

        Various documents explaining the design of the program.

+ **Src**

    All of CodeSnip's source code, with the exception of the Delphi VCL and the
    _Indy_ components, is stored in the _Src_ folder and its sub-folders.

    The only files stored directly in _Src_ will be makefiles, project group
    files and license files. The remaining source is grouped into sub-projects,
    each stored in its own sub-folder of _Src_. These sub-projects are:

    + **Src\Help**

        The project's HTML help file. It stores project files in the root.
        Content is divided amongst its sub-folders.

        + **Src\Help\CSS**

            Contains the help project's CSS style sheets

        + **Src\Help\HTML**

            Contains the help topic files.

        + **Src\Help\Images**

            Contains image files used in the help file.

    + **Src\Install**

        Source files for generating CodeSnip's set-up program. Contains the
        _Inno Setup_ project file and associated Pascal Script files.

        + **Src\Install\Assets**

            Contains any assets to be compiled into the set-up program.

    + **Src\Lib**

        Source code of various libraries imported from 3rd party sources that
        are required to build CodeSnip. This folder contains only files that
        related to all the library. Each library has its own sub-directory,
        named appropriately.

        + **Src\Lib\DDabLib**

            Source code from the DelphiDabbler Code Library project.

        + **Src\Lib\DelphiColl**

            Source code from the Delphi Collections library.

        + **Src\Lib\SynEdit**

            Source code from the SynEdit project.

    + **Src\Main**

        Source code of the main CodeSnip application. All Pascal source code and
        associated project / make files are stored in this directory.

        + **Src\Main\AutoGen**

            Contains any intermediate files generated by the makefile along with
            a read-me and license files.

            Only the read-me and license files are recorded in SVN. Generated
            files are not since they can be regenerated from the makefile at
            will.

        + **Src\Main\Assets**

            Container for any assets, including scripts, that are to be included
            in the program's resources. This directory does not contain any
            files: all the files are contained in sub-directories.

            + **Src\Main\Assets\CSS**

                Style sheets for HTML displayed or generated by the program.

            + **Src\Main\Assets\HTML**

                 HTML files that are displayed in the program's UI.

            + **Src\Main\Assets\Img**, **Src\Main\Assets\Img\Branding** &
              **Src\Main\Assets\Img\Egg**

                Stores any images that are embedded in the program's resources.
                General images are in _Img_ while _Branding_ contains restricted
                images relating to the program's branding and _Egg_ contains
                images used by the program's Easter Egg.

            + **Src\Main\Assets\Misc**

                Contains any assets that don't fit into the other _Assets_
                sub-directories.

            + **Src\Main\Assets\Scripts and Src\Main\Assets\Scripts\Imports**

                Contains scripts that are executed from within HTML display in
                the program. The _Import_ sub-directory contains scripts
                imported from 3rd party sources.

        + **Src\Main\Imports**

             Contains source files referenced directly in CodeSnip's project
             file that have been imported from other sources.

            _Note:_ Other imported source code that is not referenced in
            CodeSnip's project file is included in the main _Src\Lib_ directory.

    + **Src\Portable**

        Contains the source code of the CodeSnip Portable launcher program.

    + **Src\Tests**

        Contains various test projects, each in its own sub-directory.

        + **Src\Tests\DUnit**

            Contains all DUnit tests

    In addition, there is the following directory (which may or may not be
    required).

    + **Src\Common**

        To be used to store any files used by more than one sub-project.

        This directory could have sub-directories similar to those in _Src\Main_
        if required.

        At present there are no common files that would not be stored directly
        in _Src_, so this directory could be omitted.

+ **Build**

    Contains all files that result from building the project's source code.

    + **Build\Distrib**

        Contains sub-directories that accumulate the files that are to be
        included in each distribution.

        + **Build\Dist\Standard**

            Contains files to be included in the standard distribution.

        + **Build\Dist\Portable**

            Contains files to be included in the portable distribution.

    + **Build\Exe**

        Contains sub-directories that receive executable files created by the
        build process.

        + **Build\Exe\Release**

            Contains files that are destined for release in one or more of the
            distributions. They include the CodeSnip and CodeSnipPortable loader
            executables, set-up program and help file.

        + **Build\Exe\Tests**

             Contains executable files compiled from test suites that are not
             for distribution.

    + **Build\Obj**

        Contains sub-directories that receive intermediate binary (object) files
        generated by compilers.

        + **Build\Obj\Lib**

            Contains the package and related files generated when libraries are
            built.

            + **Build\Obj\Lib\DDabLib**

                Contains binary files for the DelphiDabbler Code Library
                project, other than package files.

            + **Build\Obj\Lib\DelphiColl**

                Contains binary files for the Delphi Collections project, other
                than package files.

            + **Build\Obj\Lib\SynEdit**

                Contains binary files for the SynEdit project, other than
                package files.

        + **Build\Obj\Main**

            Contains binary files for the main CodeSnip project.

        + **Build\Obj\Portable**

            Contains binary files for the CodeSnip Portable launcher.

        + **Build\Obj\Tests**

            Contains sub-directories that contain binary files resulting from
            test compilations.

            + **Build\Obj\Tests\DUnit**

              Contains binaries resulting from compilation of DUnit tests.

Process for Converting to New Directory Structure
-------------------------------------------------

### Build Directory

The _Build_ directory structure is entirely new and replaces the _Bin_, _Exe_
and _Release_ directories in the old structure.

Make files, _.cfg_ and Delphi project files will be updated over time to store
binary files into the new _Build_ directory. This process can proceed at any
time since the affected folders are not part of SVN and non consideration of
merges has to take place.

### Docs Directory

The _Docs_ directory remains unchanged in moving to the new structure.

### Src Directory

Migration from the old structure to the new is complicated by the need to merge
changes from SVN _trunk_ into the _parsnip_ code tree.

This means that, while the need to perform such merges continues, it is
difficult to make all the changes. Only when the divergence between _parsnip_
and  _trunk_ becomes so great that future merges are too problematic can the
final transition be made.

The structure of _Src_ in _parsnip_ before the restructuring began was as
follows:

    Src
      3rdParty
      AutoGen
      Help
        CSS
        HTML
        Images
      Install
        Assets
      Lib
        3rdParty
          DDabLib
          DelphiColl
          SynEdit
      Portable
      Res
        CSS
        HTML
        Img
          Branding
          Egg
        Misc
        Scripts
          3rdParty

In addition there was a _Test_ top level sub-directory with the following
structure:

    Test
      Bin
      Exe
      Src
        DUnit

Of these directories _Test\Bin_ and _Test\Exe_ were excluded from SVN.

**Action required**

To complete the migration the following tasks need to be performed on the old
source tree:

+ **Src**

    Ideally a new _Main_ sub-directory would be created in _Src_ and all
    CodeSnip files would be moved from _Src_ into _Main_, leaving behind files
    that continue to belong in _Src_.

    Since _Src_ is affected by merges from _trunk_ a staged approach is needed:

    - **_DONE:_** Create new _Main_ sub-directory.

    - **_DONE:_** Move existing files created in _parsnip_ since it was branched
      from _trunk_ into _Src\Main_, updating project files as required.

    - **_IN PROGRESS_** Add any new CodeSnip project files directly into
      _Src\Main_ instead of _Src_.

    - When merging from _trunk_ has ceased do the following:

        - Move remaining CodeSnip files from _Src_ to _Src\Main_. **Be careful
          to leave behind those files that continue to belong in _Src_ such as
          the group project file, make file etc.**

        - Update relevant project files as required.

+ **Src\3rdParty**

    **_All changes now complete_**

    The contents of _Src\3rdParty_ were moved into a new _Src\Main\Imports_
    directory and _Src\3rdParty_ was deleted. Related project files were
    revised. No changes to make files were necessary.

    **_Warning re merge conflicts:_** _Src\3rdParty_ was branched from _trunk_
    so any merges involving changes to the directory will cause a tree conflict,
    because _Src\3rdParty_ has been deleted. Such a conflict should be resolved
    by rejecting the change. If any of the changes to _trunk\Src\3rdParty_ are
    desirable then merge _trunk\Src\3rdParty_ into _parsnip\Src\Main\Imports_.

+ **Src\AutoGen**

    **_All changes now complete_**

    The versioned contents of _Src\AutoGen_ were moved into a new
    _Src\Main\AutoGen_ directory and _Src\AutoGen_ was deleted. Related project
    and make files were revised.

    **_Warning re merge conflicts:_** _Src\AutoGen_ was branched from _trunk_ so
    any merges involving changes to the directory will cause a tree conflict,
    because _Src\AutoGen_ has been deleted. Such a conflict should be resolved
    by rejecting the change. If any of the changes to _trunk\Src\AutoGen_ are
    desirable then merge _trunk\Src\AutoGen_ into _parsnip\Src\Main\AutoGen_.

+ **Src\Help and sub-directories**

    **_These directories do not need to be moved or changed._**

    They are affected by merges from _trunk_, so **do not rename** any
    directories until merges have ceased.

+ **Src\Install and sub-directories**

    **_These directories do not need to be moved or changed._**

    They are affected by merges from _trunk_, so **do not rename** any
    directories until merges have ceased.

+ **Src\Lib and sub-directories**

    **_All changes now complete_**

    All sub-directories of _Src\Lib\3rdParty_ were moved up into _Src\Lib_ and
    _Src\Lib\3rdParty_ was deleted.

    This was safe because _Src\Lib_ was added to the _parsnip_ branch after it
    branched from _trunk_ so the directory isn't affected by merges from
    _trunk_.

+ **Src\Portable**

    **_This directory does not need to be moved or changed._**

    _Src\Portable_ was added to _parsnip_ after it was branched from _trunk_ so
    the directory is not affected by any merges from _trunk_.

+ **Src\Res and its sub-directories**

    Ideally this directory and its contents would be renamed and moved to
    _Src\Main\Assets_.

    All sub-directories would retain the names and relative structure except
    _Src\Res\Scripts\3rdParty_ which would be renamed as
    _Src\Main\Assets\Scripts\Imports_.

    Since _Src\Res_ is affected by merges from _trunk_ a staged approach is
    needed:

    - **_DONE:_** Create the new _Assets_ directory structure in _Src\Main_.

    - If and when any new assets are added to the project, add them to the
      appropriate sub-directory of _Src\Assets_ instead of _Src\Res_, where
      possible.

    - When merging from _trunk_ has ceased proceed as follows as follows:

        - Move files from _Src\Res\Scripts\3rdParty_ into
          _Src\Assets\Scripts\Imports_.

        - Move files from the remaining sub-directories of _Src\Res_ into the
          correspondingly named sub-directories of _Src\Assets_.

        - Delete _Src\Res_ and all the sub-directories, which should now be
          empty.

        - Update any referencing project files and makefiles.

+ **Test** and its sub-directories.

    **_All changes now complete_**

    The _DUnit_ sub-directory of _Tests\Src_, along with its contents, was moved
    into a new  _Src\Tests_ and _Tests_ and all its content was then deleted.

    **_Warning re merge conflicts:_** The _Tests_ directory, and its only
    sub-directory, _Tests\Src\DUnit_ was branched from _trunk_. Therefore so any
    merges involving changes within the directory will cause a tree conflict
    because _Tests_ has been deleted. Such a conflict should be resolved by
    rejecting the change. If any changes to _trunk\Tests\Src\DUnit_ are
    desirable then merge _trunk\Tests\Src\DUnit_ into _parsnip\Src\Tests\DUnit_.
    If any other  directories have been added to _trunk\Tests_ or
    _trunk\Tests\Src_ then a decision needs to be made as to if or how to
    reflect those changes in _parsnip\Src\Tests_

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    $Date$
    $Rev$
